Let's talk about Thinking in Modules.
I mean, this is just a short
exercise just to think about,
how you should be organizing your code,
nd how you should be breaking it up, and
how you should think about that.
And what are some good patterns and
stuff like that?
So I can just walk you through
like how I would think about it.
Basically, I try to keep my files
as light and small as possible,
and I try to associate things
together by logic, right?
So like if these things logically make
sense, I try to put them in the same file.
And then if not,
then I'll just make a new module.
Modules are cheap.
Don't be stingy with modules.
Don't be like, I'm making a new module,
it's gonna slow down my app.
It's not, especially on node where
something like a big app doesn't
really contribute to performance.
It's not like it's the browser and
you have to download
something over the internet.
So you can have a big Node js app,
and it's not,
you're never gonna minimize a Node js app.
Whereas in the browser,
you probably wouldn't minimize a file,
you probably would a sync load things.
You probably would do all these
performance things to prevent JavaScript
from hogging all your
resources on a browser.
But on the back end with Node,
you don't need to do any of that,
so don't be stingy with modules.
Pretty much,
make everything a module that you can,
even when you don't think you're gonna
reuse it, you should probably do it.
Because one, it's easier to test.
And two, if you're working on a team
it's a lot easier to, I mean,
you just wanna avoid merge conflicts,
right?
So if everything's in one file,
you put everything in a function,
that's hard to test.
It's probably gonna have merge conflicts.
It's better just to break those
things out into separate modules,
test them individually, and
then bring them in together.
So my goal is just to make
everything as small as possible.
I'd rather have a lot of files,
a lot of modules,
than like one file with two modules or
something like that.
So that's kinda how I think about things.
I think other people have different ideas
on how they do modules instead of bringing
out by like functionality like,
how am I do?
They might break it up by similarity,
like, all these are utility functions, and
they don't have anything to do with each
other, but they all utility function.
So I'll put it in Utilities file, right?
And they might do that.
Sometimes I'll do that too.
So it really just depends, there
really isn't a right or wrong answer.
So you could do that.
The other thing is I wanna talk
about is the index js pattern.
So this one's kind of weird.
So if I make a new folder here,
let's call it,
I'll call it utils actually,
I'm gonna call it utils.
I'm gonna move this other
utils file in here.
And I'll make a new file in
the utils folder called index.js.
And all this is gonna do is,
let me clean this up right quick.
I'll export that,
I'll export somethingElse like this.
And let's say the index js actually
only make this even more interesting.
Let me get another file and the utils.
So I'm gonna call it like other js,
and we'll export
some stuff here const other,
export some stuff here.
So let's say,
I'm in this index js on the route, and
I just wanna import everything
in the utils folder.
So this file and
this file is gonna import everything.
So I could just write an import for
each one of these files.
Or I can use this pattern where I go into
the index js file in the utils folder,
import everything in here.
So I can say import other,
so Import other from other,
I can say imports all these
other things from utils
This might be count and
some other thing like that.
So I can import them and
then I can also just immediately
export them at the bottom.
I can also just get away with this
by just saying, export these.
So this is the equivalent of saying,
bring them in and
immediately export them, right?
So now that I'm doing that in the index
file, whereas this is just basically
acting as like a router for
my modules, if you think about it.
I can go into this root index file and
just import that folder,
so I can just be give me everything
as utils from this utils folder.
And what this is gonna do is when
you use the star, that just means
everything that ever got exported from,
and I'm gonna call it utils.
I can call this whatever I want.
I can call this thing.
It doesn't matter.
This is now an object.
And go into this folder.
And by default, because we gave it a
folder, it's automatically gonna look for
an index.js file and
grab everything out of there.
So if your folder has an index.js file and
you import a folder,
it'll grab the index.js file, and
now it has access to everything.
So other count, somethingElse is
now gonna be on the thing object.
So I can say thing.other,
thing.somethingElse, thing.count.
So this is a quick way to just organize
your code using the index.js pattern.
You've probably seen this now before.
Yes.
>> Do you recommend using the require or
import syntax as a best practice?
>> I highly recommend using
the import syntax as a best practice,
cuz you're 100% going to use import
syntax on your front end apps.
If you're using any build system, you're
100% gonna use ES6 templates, unless it
was made like, I don't know, six years
ago when people were not adopting it, but
anything going forward on the front
end is definitely gonna use it.
So just for parity, I would recommend
the backend doing the same thing as well
to make sure you're using
the same JavaScript.
Cuz it's not a good experience to be on
the front end using TypeScript with ES6
and this and that, and you get on
notice just like as Node version 8.
And we're using common Js and
we're like it's just not a good feeling,
you want it to be the same
because it's the same language.
So it's like this one app using Python 1,
this one app using Python 3,
it would feel terrible.
So it's like why are we doing this?
So I would do it just for that, and
also because right now you have to
turn it on and I package that JSO, but
I bet in the next couple releases,
that's just gonna be the default.
That's gonna be the default behavior
of just getting imports and exports.
So, cuz it wasn't too long ago,
where you had to pass an experimental
flag just to enable this.
Now it's just a key in the package.json.
And honestly, this is just for
backwards compatibility with all the
millions of modules that are out there.
So eventually, they're just not gonna
care, and it'll just be default.